feat: Updates `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` data source to support independent shard scaling API changes (#2464)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .changelog/2464.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> data-source/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule: Adds new attributes `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` and `copy_settings.#.zone_id` and deprecates `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. These new attributes enable referencing zones of clusters using independent shard scaling which no longer support `replication_spec.*.id`.

Reviewer: we don't end with period, but in this case with two sentences not sure what it's better, I'd probably leave the last period out

Author: removed period for consistency, I think even with two sentences this should be okay

> data-source/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule: Adds new attributes `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` and `copy_settings.#.zone_id` and deprecates `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. These new attributes enable referencing zones of clusters using independent shard scaling which no longer support `replication_spec.*.id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
data-source/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule: Adds new `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` and `copy_settings.#.zone_id` attributes and deprecates `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. These new attributes enable you to reference cluster zones using independent shard scaling, which no longer supports `replication_spec.*.id`.
```
